refactor(theme): split admonitions, make swizzle easier, better retrocompatibility (#7945)
facebook/docusaurus: website/docs/guides/markdown-features/markdown-features-admonitions.mdx

};
```

The plugin accepts the following options:

- `tag`: The tag that encloses the admonition. Defaults to `:::`.
- `keywords`: An array of keywords that can be used as the type for the admonition.
- `appendKeywords`: Should the provided option `keywords` be merged into the existing default keywords. Defaults to `true`.

The `keyword` will be passed as the `type` prop of the `Admonition` component.

### Custom admonition type components {#custom-admonition-type-components}

By default, the theme doesn't know what do to with custom admonition keywords such as `:::my-custom-admonition`. It is your responsibility to map each admonition keyword to a React component so that the theme knows how to render them.

> Let's consider the following config:
> 
> ```js
> const admonitionOptions = {
>   tag: ':::',
>   keywords: ['my-custom-admonition'],
>   appendKeywords: true,
> };
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you registered a new admonition type `my-custom-admonition` via the following config:

```js title="docusaurus.config.js"
module.exports = {
  // ...
  presets: [
    [
      'classic',
      {
        // ...
        docs: {
          admonitions: {
            tag: ':::',
            keywords: ['my-custom-admonition'],
            appendKeywords: true,
          },
        },
      },
    ],
  ],
};
```
```

> You can register a custom React component for `:::my-custom-admonition` by creating the following file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can provide the corresponding React component for `:::my-custom-admonition` by creating the following file (unfortunately, since it's not a React component file, it's not swizzlable):
```

```js title="src/theme/Admonition/Types.js"
import React from 'react';
import DefaultAdmonitionTypes from '@theme-original/Admonition/Types';

function MyCustomAdmonition(props) {
  return (
    <div style={{border: 'solid red', padding: 10}}>
      <h5 style={{color: 'blue', fontSize: 30}}>{props.title}</h5>
      <div>{props.children}</div>
    </div>
  );
}

const AdmonitionTypes = {
  ...DefaultAdmonitionTypes,

  // Add all your custom admonition types here...
  // You can also override the default ones if you want
  'my-custom-admonition': MyCustomAdmonition,
};

export default AdmonitionTypes;
```

> Now you can use your new admonition keyword in Markdown file, and it will be with your custom rendering logic:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can use your new admonition keyword in a Markdown file, and it will be parsed and rendered with your custom logic:
```
